completed review pass for V.1.2.0 (#212)
uptane/uptane-standard: uptane-standard.md

A repository's Root metadata distributes the public keys of the top-level Root, Targets, Snapshot, and Timestamp roles, as well as revocations of those keys. It SHALL contain two attributes:

* A representation of the public keys for all four roles. Each key SHALL have a unique public key identifier.

> * An attribute mapping each role to (1) its public key(s), and (2) the threshold of signatures required for that role

Reviewer: Why remove the period? The line before it still has a period. I'd prefer to keep it consistent.

Author: Partway through, I think I started questioning if the period was needed. At  this point, as long as we're consistent, I'll put the period back in.

Author: Done.

* The size of the image in bytes
* One or more hashes of the image file, along with the hashing function used

> If there are no images included in the targets metadata, Targets metadata from the Director repository SHOULD include a vehicle identifier 
> in order toavoid a replay attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are no images included in the Targets metadata from the Director repository, then the metadata SHOULD include a vehicle identifier in order to avoid a replay attack.
```
